Q1: How do I open the game?
A1: Easy, go over to the game files and double click on game.html.
The game should then open in your default browser and voilà!

Q2: The game isn't showing properly. The bottom part is cut off.
A2: Yeah, I didn't figure out how to fix that. Works properly
on Chrome, but other browsers like Opera GX might not display it
properly. You can zoom the page out a bit (I found 80% works on most)
and it'll show alright. Sorry about that. Also sorry about your ears,
music volume is another thing I wasn't able to figure out Xb.

Q2.5: I meant nothing is loading properly. I can't see anything other
than the text.
A2.5: OHHHH, ok. Waiting 5 secs/reloading the page should fix that,
since that happening means the page is still loading. If both don't
work, keep realoding the page and it eventually will, I apologize.

Q3: How does the game work?
A3: It's a bullet hell similar to the Touhou series.
You can control you spaceship around in a spacerift
to dodge enemy fire. Your spaceship isn't your weak
point, a small red circle over it is. If that gets
hit, the game ends. Of course, you can shoot back at
the enemy spaceship. And the game ends when it is
destroyed. You can also try and aim for highest score,
since I also used classic arcade top-down view shooters,
like Galaga and Vasara, as inspiration.

Q4: Why are there anime girls in the main menu screen
if I can't even play as them?
A4: That, my friend, is because I like anime girls.
(But also because if you press the button that matches
with the icon that's on top of one of them, their game's theme
will play when you start a game. Otherwise, read the sentence before)

Q5: What is the lore of this game?
A5: I am sad to announce that I never thought of it prior to
writing this .txt. But, I will try and make up one on the spot.
Ahem. ''A powerful menace has set Earth to be its next target.
Fortunately, your job as a RangeR is to vow protection of your
homeland and courageously defend it, whatever the cost. But during
MISSION: FORCE, your whole fleet got wipped out by a ZXATS, one of
the biggest enemy ships to exist in the RangeR's archives. You are now
alone against an all-mighty foe and now, your only goal is to destroy it.''
Hope that works, because I have no better or even other ideas :b.

This is all for now. Don't forget to have fun, get your tryhard pants on
and enjoy the game!

-ZeBisu